the days are getting longer and summer
is just around the corner time to think
about spring cleaning
- guzelman is editor at out of it and
responsible for the advice section the
35 year old knows the tips and tricks to
bring alloy rims back to shine after the
winter many drivers now use alloy wheels
for both the summer and winter when
changing the tires you can kill two
birds with one stone treat the wheels
with Sonax products so one set of tires
can be stored and the other set is
protected and prepared for summer use
evidencing yeah and viola fly and what I
use here is an acid-free rim cleaner
it's also gentle and unpainted metal
parts such as wheel bolts many wonder
why corrosion occurs that's because many
cleaners contain acid but with them this
cleaner here doesn't and it turns red
showing its full effect award
here in this case we have a lot of brake
dust the iron particles released by the
brake pads leave deposits on the rims
and then chemically react with the
cleaner and with an hemispheric through
an open I'm a vinegar Sonax extreme
wheel cleaner plus reaches into the
tiniest corners and dissolves even
stubborn dirt while being extremely
gentle on the material pressure wash the
rims and dry them with microfiber cloth
now there's only one step more to go for
them to be ready for storage or the
summer roads the rim should be preserved
or sealed that's come on in development
hot box mom is hard wax or a nano
sealant for this I have chosen a nano
sealant which produces an extremely hard
layer on the rim surface there you go
it's very easy to apply simply spray the
rim wiping with a cloth let's sit for
two minutes wipe again I'm done upper
rim is optimally protect elephants
I mean multiplying to show how well this
sealant works I pour some water over the
rim i'm bathin vasa does i'm up when the
water rolls right off and dirt cannot
adhere to the surface that's it for the
wheel rims now let's see what we can do
to maintain the tires well so knox
extreme tire gloss gel the innovative
gel formula maintains the rubber while
protecting it against cracking and color
fading
it's gonna be at some eat up now we get
to the highlight entire care I treat the
tires with a solvent free product which
maintains the rubber and restores the
black color won't ask you me oppa -
we'll swap and during application you
can check whether the tire walls are
damaged our life and flight facilities
of the loosen and flunk we finding low
temperatures in dirt have taken a lot
out of the door seals solution simply
treat them with Sonax rubber care crayon
it prevents damages to the rubber and
provides optimum protection the crayon
keeps the rubber elastic thus moisture
has no chance now your wheel rims and
tires are well prepared for all seasons